In this lecture I will show you how to run the J-Unit five test that we have created to do that.
Right click on the test go to run as and if you find an option run as Junit test here.
Go ahead and run it.
Your job has become a lot easier because not all the platforms and Eclipse versions Support JUnit 5 running
yet the option will not appear.
But if you have it go ahead and use it.
If not there are multiple ways to resolve it.
Right click on the project do a run as configurations and when you go to junit here by default
it will go there.
under the test runners try to select J-Unit 5 if you see the option.
If you don't have that either just like me open up the pom dot xml double click to maximize it.
And we need to add a couple of Jars here that J-Unit platform runner and the J-Unit Jupiter hyphen
API.
Go ahead and search for J-Unit platform runner maven J-Unit platform maven.
Click on the very first link to grab the latest version of that 1.2.0 seems to be the stable
version.
Grab that.
Go back to your Eclipse and paste it right under the J-Unit dependency.
Explain why we need this.
Once we have them delete the comment format the code the next one is the J-Unit Jupiter API.
The platform runner is in place the Jupiter API.
You can grab this dependency the first dependency paste it change this to junit  Jupiter API.
The version will remain the same five point two point zero.
But the version of junit platform runner  is one point 2.0.
The Junitplatform Runner has the support to run unit tests and the junit jupiter API provides a platform
class that we want to use on our test.
So right here Mark this with at run with annotation  within bracket's use a
J-Unit platform dot
Plus once we do that right click do a run as you'll find the J-Unit test option.
Go ahead Run your test and everything is green and you can see everything works like before.
Just like how it used to work when you used junit 4 of
But now we now we have used J-Unit 5.
All the imports here are from J-Unit 5.
We have learned how to use at before each test annotation is also from a different package and from
Jupiter.
After each and to assert for exceptions you use assertions Dot assert throws instead of using a attribute
on this annotation.